##This is about my project that is know by VIRTUAL ASSISTENT.

>>It is smart Computer Program.It do works for you.That means if you

want to your computer run commands for you though voice like jarvis

does for IRON MAN, So it is possible with the help to this assistent.

It understands human natural language through voice command and 

perform task for user.

##Breaf about my VA project:-

"""  A virtual assistant (VA) is a type of software that can perform tasks or services for you. It is like a personal assistant, but it is in the form of a computer program. You can use a VA to help you with things like managing your schedule, sending emails, setting reminders, and answering questions. They can be accessed through various devices such as smartphones, tablets, and computers. Virtual assistants can make it easier for you to stay organized and manage your time more efficiently. """



##how it has build?

>>In this program i used some component.Components are break in 

function. 1)Speak function:- It is used for text-to-speech conversion

.Windows Support "Sapi5" library. "sapi5" library comes under 
pyttsx3 moudle.the module support two voices first one female and 
other one is male voice. It is use like engine=pyttsx3.init()

2)Microphone functions:- It is used to identify spoken words and 
 converts them into text. with the help of  speech recognition our 
 computer convert spoken words into text.
 It return the output in the form of string text. It allows 
 computer to understand human natural language.Many popular virtual
 Assistant used speech recongnition.

 

 **These are the most important function of my project.With the help 
of this function we can perform many task. Possibility of task is 
endless.


>>All works are done through the  Takecommand function.we take query
 with the help of microphone function.this query passed through
 some if else conduction.if user give the command to open wikipedia 
 it is open for the user.


** One more Intersting thingh about  my virtual assistent is that
it has a wishme name function.One who wishes according to time.
like-In the morning it wishes "GOOD MORNING" , In the afternoon 
it wishes "GOOD AFTERNOON"  In  the evening it wishes "GOOD EVENING" 
and the night it wishes "GOOD NIGHT". 


##What can the Virtual assistant do for you ?

.)It can play the music for you.
.)It can do wikipedia search for you.
.)It is able to open sites like google,youtube in web browser.
.)It is also open Stackoverflow,GFG in webbrowser.
.)It can tell you what is the current time and date.


##Modules used:-

1)Pyttsx3-It is used for text-to-speech conversion.

2)Speech Recognition-It is used to take a command from user through 
     the voices  and convert it into text.

3)web browser-First we import. it is used for searching queries from
  web browser.We can use Webbrowser module as a command-line 
interface. This module accepts a url as the parameter.

4)OS:- First we import .It is used for giving access your personal
   laptop or pc to the program to perform on given queries.

5)Date-Time:-It is used to know the current time.It has been
imported to work with date as well as time. Python datetime modules
comes bulit into python. Python datetime module supplies class to
work with date and time.These class provide a number of function to
deal with date and time. classes are -date,time ,datetime 


##What are the problem you face while creating this project?

>>While creating project i face the problem is to installing
 PYaudio.

It gets resolved with the help of some contents from Stackoverflow.














